better than expected look maybe I was
hasty in my evaluation of you guys I'll
do good work from you get paid come on
back up to the fishing bear and I'll
pass you out
hey you made it
alright okay here's how it works around
here the only currency worth shit is
rough diamonds don't accept paper money
from anybody I wouldn't wipe my ass with
it you do work for the you FLL you'll
get paid in stones now one of my guys
not the sharpest blade in the set picked
up a case of diamonds and dropped him
off here yesterday he stuck him
somewhere in camp and promptly got shot
in the head back in town maybe you
killed him anyway if you want those
rocks go outside and find them the case
has a tracker you can home in on with
your compass if I were you I'd go buy
some medicine first that malaria is
nothing to screw around with you'll
probably have some luck over at Mike's
bar all those expat car owners drink
there get yourself healthy and come by
the front office in town I introduced
you to cocoon ba get you hooked up hey
he's coming out hasta luego